# All words explain from Cambridge Dictionary.
#dictionaries
China,a country in East Asia.
china,clay of a high quality that is shaped and then heated to make it permanently hard, or objects made from this, such as cups and plates.
pottery,the activity or skill of making clay objects by hand.
fire,(material that is in) the state of burning that produces flames that send out heat and light, and might produce smoke.
galaxy,This article is about the astronomical structure.
approach,to come near or nearer to something or someone in space, time, quality, or amount.
influence,the power to have an effect on people or things, or a person or thing that is able to do this.
either,used in negative sentences instead of "also" or "too".
access,the method or possibility of getting near to a place or person.
sentence,a group of words, usually containing a verb, that expresses a thought in the form of a statement, question, instruction, or exclamation and starts with a capital letter when written.
perspective,a particular way of considering something.
love,to like another adult very much and be romantically and sexually attracted to them, or to have strong feelings of liking a friend or person in your family.
attitude,a feeling or opinion about something or someone, or a way of behaving that is caused by this.
cabal,a small group of people who plan secretly to take action, especially political action.
alliance,a group of countries, political parties, or people who have agreed to work together because of shared interests or aims.
superman,a man who has greater strength, ability, intelligence, etc. than other men.
superhero,a character in a film or story who has special strength and uses it to do good things and help other people.
superhuman,having more powers than, or seeming outside the powers of, a human.
spark,a very small piece of fire that flies out from something that is burning, or one that is made by rubbing two hard things together, or a flash of light made by electricity.
software,the instructions that control what a computer does; computer programs.
music,a pattern of sounds made by musical instruments, voices, or computers, or a combination of these, intended to give pleasure to people listening to it.
blues,a type of slow, sad music, originally from the southern US, in which the singer typically sings about their difficult life or bad luck in love
jazz,a type of modern music originally developed by African-Americans, with a rhythm in which the strong notes often come before the beat. Jazz is usually improvised (= invented as it is played).
funk,a style of music, usually for dancing to, with a strong rhythm based on jazz and a tune that repeats.
hip-hop,a type of popular music in which the words are spoken rather than sung and the subject of the songs is often politics or society.
rap,a type of popular music with a strong rhythm in which the words are spoken, not sung.
hard rock,a type of rock music with a strong beat in which drums and electric guitars are played very loudly.
pop,formal popular music modern popular music, usually with a strong beat, created with electrical or electronic equipment, and easy to listen to and remember.
rocker,a singer of rock music.
reggae,a type of popular music from Jamaica, with a strong second and fourth beat.
a cappella,sung by a group of people without any musical instruments.
EDM,electronic dance music.
beat,in music, a regular emphasis, or a place in the music where such an emphasis is expected.
swag,a fashionable and confident appearance or way of behaving.
fireman,a man whose job is to stop unwanted fires from burning.
boxing,a sport in which two competitors fight by hitting each other with their hands.
Christmas,(the period just before and after) 25 December, a Christian holy day that celebrates the birth of Jesus Christ.
turkey,a large bird grown for its meat on farms.
novel,a long printed story about imaginary characters and events.
Ireland,a country in western Europe occupying the southern part of the island of Ireland.
piano,a large musical instrument with a row of black and white keys that are pressed to play notes.
violin,a wooden musical instrument with four strings that is held against the neck and played by moving a bow across the strings.
instrument,an object, such as a piano, guitar, or drum, that is played to produce musical sounds.
vuvuzela,a long simple musical instrument that produces a single loud note and is blown by South African football supporters at games.
movie,a film shown in a cinema or on television and often telling a story.
diamond,a transparent, extremely hard precious stone that is used in jewellery, and in industry for cutting hard things.
Ping-Pong,a brand name for table tennis.
basketball,(a ball used in) a game played by two teams of five players who score points by throwing a large ball through an open net hanging from a metal ring.
tennis,a game played between two or four people on a special playing area that involves hitting a small ball across a central net using a racket.
soccer,a game played between two teams of eleven people, where each team tries to win by kicking a ball into the other team's goal.
